React : Fixed overview (#29047)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: react/getting_started_with_react/react_components.md

This section contains a general overview of topics that you will learn in this lesson.

> - Learn about Reach components.
> - Understand how to create Components. 
> - Find where do components reside in a React project. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Learn about React components.
- Understand how to create components.
- Describe where components reside in a React project.
```

> - Describe where components reside in a React projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Describe where components reside in a React project.
```
